最终呈现Json格式的标注结果，加粗部分作为key，标注结果作为value，形如：
 {
“data”: 0d7ab667,     （即，文件名）
 “case name”:“SERVFLEX, INC., petitioner, vs. LOVELYNN M. URERA, SHERRYL I. CABRERA, PRECIOUS  C. PALANCA and JOCO JIM L. SEVILLA, respondents. [G.R. No. 246369. March 29, 2022.] ”
…
}
样例：
1.) Case Name:	SERVFLEX, INC., petitioner, vs. LOVELYNN M. URERA, SHERRYL I. CABRERA, PRECIOUS  C. PALANCA and JOCO JIM L. SEVILLA, respondents. [G.R. No. 246369. March 29, 2022.] 
(Petitioner, Servflex, INC.- Employer v. Respondents, LOVELYNN M. URERA, SHERRYL I. CABRERA, PRECIOUS C. PALANCA and JOCO JIM L. SEVILLA – Employee)
2.) Name of Lawyer- Not applicable.
3.) Nature: Individual v. Contractor Company and Principal Company.
4.) Court: From the Labor Arbiter (LA) to the National Labor Relations Commission (NLRC) to the Court of Appeals (CA) to the Supreme Court (SC) which ruled on the case with finality.
5.) Date: June 10, 2016, Decision of the LA. July 29, 2016, Resolution of the NLRC. Resolution of C.A. on July 5, 2018. S.C. Decision on March 29, 2022.
6.) Case type: Legitimate Subcontracting vs. Labor-Only Contracting.
注意，type类型提供在case type列表文件中，从中选一个标签即可。
7.) Focus of dispute: Whether or not Petitioner Contractor is a legitimate contractor or is merely a labor only contractor.
8.) Legal Facts: PLDT who is engaged in the telecommunications Industry engaged petitioner who agreed to undertake the supply of labor. The contract of service between petitioner and PLDT was for three years commencing on January 1, 2014 to December 31, 2016. However, even before the commencement of the contract of service, petitioner had already assigned respondents at PLDT. Meanwhile, respondents alleged that they applied at PLDT, but the latter referred them to petitioner which, after their engagement, still deployed them at PLDT. They stated that petitioner was a mere labor-only contractor considering that: (1) it had no independent business for which it hired respondents; (2) respondents' work was integral to the business of PLDT; and (3) their work performance was under the control of PLDT.
On the other hand, PLDT, petitioner, and their officers (Simeon and Abundo) countered that petitioner deployed respondents at the premises of PLDT pursuant to an agreement for contracted service, and such agreement laid down petitioner's hiring, termination, control and supervision over respondents and their work; thus, respondents were regular employees of petitioner, not of PLDT. They averred that petitioner was a legitimate job contractor as shown by: (1) its registration and certification issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE), respectively; (2) certifications showing that it had no pending case with the DOLE; (3) its General Information Sheet for the year 2016; and (4) petitioner's goodwill and established clientele.
9.) Judgement and reason: 
a.) LA ruled for respondents. in the absence of proof that the assets or capital of petitioner was used in the service it provided to PLDT, petitioner's registration with the DOLE could not be considered as conclusive proof that it possessed substantial capital for a job contracting services. Moreover, it was PLDT, not petitioner, which exercised control over respondents since respondents were required to work at the premises of PLDT and the latter required them to follow a work schedule; (2) the Manager and the Section head of PLDT supervised and gave work instructions to respondents; and (3) PLDT gave training and seminars for the respondents. The over-reliance of petitioner and PLDT on the language of their contract of service stating that petitioner had control over the contract workers cannot be given credence. The determination of whether or not one is carrying an independent business is not by stipulations in the contract, but on the nature of the activities performed by the employees.
b.) NLRC reversed and set aside the LA Decision. The NLRC declared that petitioner was the employer of respondents as shown by the latter's application for employment, contract of employment, payslips, leave applications and remittances to government institutions. It ruled that petitioner was engaged in legitimate job contracting as: (1) it was registered as such with the DOLE; (2) it was registered with the SEC as a corporation with "contracting" as one of its purposes; (3) it had an independent business and had clients; and (4) respondents performed their work in their own manner and method free from control and supervision of PLDT.
c.) CA reversed the NLRC decision. respondents were working for PLDT since 2013, or prior to the effectivity of the service agreement between petitioner and PLDT that only commenced on January 1, 2014. The arrangement between petitioner and PLDT, if allowed, would permit them to avoid hiring regular employees and enable them to deny the employees the right to security of tenure and just keep them indefinitely on a temporary status. Furthermore, respondents were regular employees of PLDT because petitioner deployed them to perform activities directly related to the principal business of PLDT.
d.) The Supreme Court Ruled in favor of respondents, the affected employees. Labor-only contracting refers to an arrangement whereby a person who does not have substantial capital or investment deploys workers to the employer for them to perform tasks that are directly necessary to the employer's principal business. It is present where: (1) a person who supplies workers to an employer does not possess substantial capital or investment in the form of tools, pieces of equipment or machinery, work premises, among others; and (2) the workers are made to perform tasks which are directly related to the employer's principal business. To be considered as a legitimate labor contractor, a person or entity must possess the necessary tools and premises in relation to the job or service it renders
Here, petitioner did not at all specify any tool or equipment it owned and supplied respondents for them to perform their work for PLDT. On the contrary, PLDT provided the relevant tools and the premises for the performance of respondents' work. More importantly, respondents have been performing tasks central and necessary to the business of PLDT. Undeniably, all these matters indicate that PLDT is the employer of respondents.
Although the functions of [respondents] were described in the service agreement, there was no indication how these duties are different, highly-technical or specialized from those duties performed by PLDT's regular employees in the Technical Group.
Second, there is no clear showing that petitioner had the power of control over respondents.
In the case, PLDT not only possessed, but actually wielded and exercised the power of control over the work performance of respondents. This is made evident by the following circumstances duly noted by the LA:
[Respondents] are required to work in the premises of PLDT. Indeed, control of the premises in which the work is performed, is also viewed as another phase or control over the work. PLDT similarly obliged them to follow work schedule, just like the regular employees of PLDT. The electronic mails (email) manifestly display that [respondents] directly received orders from PLDT Manager,
Furthermore, x x x PLDT's action of providing trainings and seminars about its processes and software, are intended to improve and develop [respondents] so that they can better contribute to the realization of the company's goal.
Verily, PLDT's control over work premises; imposition of work activities and schedules; supervision over the work; requisite seminars and trainings; and required process, rules and regulations; successfully controlled how [respondents] performed their work.
And last, petitioner's reliance on its certificate of registration is not sufficient to establish that it is an independent labor contractor. The registration is only for the purpose of preventing the presumption of labor-only contracting to arise, but it is not a conclusive proof that petitioner is indeed a legitimate labor contractor.
10.) Citations: 
a.) Inocentes v. R. Syjuco Construction, Inc., G.R. No. 237020, July 29, 2019, citing Dacuital v. L.M. Camus Engineering Corp., 644 Phil. 158, 169 (2010).
b.) Slord Development Corporation v. Noya, G.R. No. 232687, February 14, 2019.
c.)  Ace Navigation Company v. Garcia, 760 Phil. 924 (2015); Mercado v. AMA Computer College¬-Paranaque City, Inc., 632 Phil. 228 (2010).
d.) Ace Navigation Company v. Garcia, id. (2015).
e.) Consolidated Building Maintenance, Inc. v. Asprec, 832 Phil. 630, 642 (2018).
f.)  W.M. Manufacturing, Inc. v. Dalag, 774 Phil. 353, 375-376 (2015), citing Article 106 of the Labor Code of the Philippines.
g.) Daguinod v. Southgate Foods, Inc., G.R. No. 227795, February 20, 2019.
h.) W.M. Manufacturing, Inc. v. Dalag, supra note 33 at 379-380.
I.) Nacar v. Gallery Frames, 716 Phil. 267 (2013).
11.) Evidence: Service Agreement, work schedule, electronic mails (email), tools and the premises for the performance of respondents' work, DOLE registration, SEC registration, certifications showing that it had no pending case with the DOLE; General Information Sheet and petitioner's goodwill and established clientele.

